look I know they're different and I know
they stick out but I genuinely believe
toe shoes are the future as a kid
keeping shoes on me was hard but you
know what was harder getting me used to
foot coffins I just never liked shoes
your hands are obviously not designed to
be walked on but when you do walk on
them your fingers automatically spread
and grip the ground to stay balanced
your toes should be able to do the same
thing but they can't if you keep tying
them up and holding them hostage here's
a test you can try if you can't lovingly
lock digits with your feet with zero
effort I'm sorry your toes need help
spreading and articulating and the first
step is to spend more time being
Barefoot or you could wear palas and you
get 15% off if you use code stay flexy
so the best things in life just aren't
free stay flexy